add note to perception tutorial about OpenGL issue with octomaps (#504)
ros-planning/moveit_tutorials: doc/perception_pipeline/perception_pipeline_tutorial.rst

 roslaunch moveit_tutorials obstacle_avoidance_demo.launch

You should see something like the image shown at the beginning of this tutorial.

> If not, you may have run into a `known OpenGL rendering issue <http://wiki.ros.org/rviz/Troubleshooting>`_ that can be fixed by running this command before relaunching the demo: ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If not, you may have run into a `known OpenGL rendering issue <http://wiki.ros.org/rviz/Troubleshooting>`_. To work around the issue, you can force CPU-based rendering with this command:
```
